OKTA-887854 - Integrator free plan dev doc updates (#5456)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/sign-into-spa-redirect/main/index.md

To sign a user in, your app redirects the browser to the Okta-hosted sign-in page. This usually happens from a sign-in action, such as clicking a button or when a user visits a protected page.

> > **Note**: The sign-out action requires your app to be listed as a trusted origin. If you used the Okta dashboard, follow the steps to [add your app as a trusted origin](#enable-trusted-origins).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**: The sign-out action requires your app to be listed as a trusted origin. If you used the Admin Console, follow the steps to [add your app as a trusted origin](#enable-trusted-origins).
```

Author: good catch here
